Add Tutorial for Identity Judgement (#195)
sora-xor/sora-docs: src/requesting-identity-judgement.md

---
title: How to Request Identity Judgment For SORA | Getting Verified | SORA Docs
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: Learn how to request identity judgment for your SORA account and get verified. Follow these steps to establish your on-chain identity and gain trust in the SORA community.
  - - meta
    - name: keywords
      content: SORA, identity judgment, request judgment, polkadot.js, on-chain identity, verification, community marketing funds, Community Marketing Funds.
---

# Requesting Identity Judgement

## TL;DR

- You can set an on-chain identity to make it easier for others to recognize your address.
- As a Validator, it adds extra confidence to Nominators if they know your on-chain identity.
- This tutorial will help you set up an on-chain identity and request a judgement to your identity (as a trusted or verified entity on the SORA network)

## 1. Setting an On-Chain Identity

> 1.  To do this, click the 3 vertical dots next to your account on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the 3 vertical dots next to your account on
```

    Polkadot.js and select `Set on-chain identity`.

![](.gitbook/assets/set-onchain-identity-1.png)

2. Add the details you wish to be public and click `Set identity`.

> ![](.gitbook/assets/set-onchain-identity-2.png) 3. A deposit of 0.01XOR is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](.gitbook/assets/set-onchain-identity-2.png)

3. Deposit 0.01XOR.
```

## 2. Request Judgement from a Registrar

1. On polkadot.js, under the Developer tab, click Extrinsics.

![](.gitbook/assets/request-judgement-registrar-1.png)

2. Using the account you wish to be verified, select `Identity` and
   `requestJudgement` then, under `regIndex`, place `1` (`reg_index 0` is no
   longer active), and under `maxFee` input `100`. The registrar fee is
   100 XOR, excluding the transaction fee.

![](.gitbook/assets/request-judgement-registrar-2.png)

3. Submit the transaction.

## 3. Donate to the Community Marketing Funds Address

Donate a minimum of 5 XSTUSD per account requesting judgement to the

> Community Marketing Funds address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community Marketing Funds address:
```

`cnSN9X2HNU3uYjRbGvTwpgUdtVDuNk1g29XkcQNoNBQxgt1ii`

:::info

> This is a community base wallet which funds are used for marketing SORA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The funds from this community base wallet are used for marketing SORA.
```

:::

## 4. Contact the Registrar

> - Direct contact with the registrar is required - the contact info is in their identity.
>   `Reg_Index 1` is `SPICY`.
>   You can contact the registrar on:
> - Telegram - [SpicyHotWings ](https://t.me/SpicyHotWings)
> - Twitter - [@mishokanaria](https://twitter.com/MishoKanaria)
> - Riot (Matrix) - [spicyhotwings](https://matrix.to/#/@spicyhotwings:matrix.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct contact with the registrar is required. You can find the contact info is in their identity. For example, `Reg_Index 1` is `SPICY`.

You can contact the registrar on:
- Telegram: [SpicyHotWings](https://t.me/SpicyHotWings)
- Twitter: [@mishokanaria](https://twitter.com/MishoKanaria)
- Riot (Matrix): [spicyhotwings](https://matrix.to/#/@spicyhotwings:matrix.org)
```
